README.md, before:

# User Scripts
This repository contains user scripts for use on Stack Exchange.  The scripts are
compatible with [Tampermonkey](http://tampermonkey.net/) (Chrome, Firefox, Opera Next, Safari, Microsoft Edge, Dolphin Browser, UC Browser, etc.) and [Greasemonkey](http://www.greasespot.net/) (Firefox). In general, they will have been tested in Chrome, Firefox, Opera and Edge.

## [Flag from User Pages](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/blob/master/Flag-from-User-Pages/Flag_from_User_Pages.user.js)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Flag-from-User-Pages/Flag_from_User_Pages.user.js))</sup></sub>

Add a flag link that opens the flag dialog for each post in user profiles.

## [Left-sidebar in the Topbar](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/blob/master/Left-sidebar-in-the-Topbar/Left-sidebar_in_the_Topbar.user.js)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Left-sidebar-in-the-Topbar/Left-sidebar_in_the_Topbar.user.js))</sup></sub>

Moves the left-sidebar into a drop-down menu in the top-bar.

## [Roomba Forecaster](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/tree/master/Roomba-Forecaster)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Roomba-Forecaster/RoombaForecaster.user.js))</sup></sub>

Is Roomba going to delete the question? If not, why? If so, when?

Adds a "roomba" status line under "viewed"/"active" in the top-right of question pages which shows:

* If [Roomba](http://stackoverflow.com/help/roomba) will delete the question
* How long until the question is deleted
* Why the question won't be deleted (by default, displayed in a tooltip)
* If you down-voting on the question or answer(s) will qualify the question for Roomba



![Roomba Forecaster](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Roomba-Forecaster/README-assets/larger-down-vote-question-will-roomba.png)


## [Top Nav Choices](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/tree/master/Top-Nav-Choices)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/Stack_Exchange_Top_Nav_Choices.user.js))</sup></sub>

*Top Nav Choices* changes the new Stack Exchange/Stack Overflow top navigation based on the preferences you set. The preferences are accessed on your normal Stack Exchange preferences page<sup>1</sup>.

Default changed top navigation on Stack Overflow with dark theme, and inbox and achievements on the left and the help button added (all changes are options)  
[![Default changed top navigation on Stack Overflow][1]][1]

Stack Overflow with stock light theme and different drop-down button placement:  
[![Stack Overflow light theme different drop-down placement][2]][2]

Default top navigation on Meta Stack Exchange:  
[![Default top navigation Meta Stack Exchange][5]][5]




  [1]: https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/README-assets/SO-TNC-SO-default-top-nav.png
  [2]: https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/README-assets/SO-TNC-SO-light-theme-achievments-and-inbox-center-top-nav.png
  [5]: https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/README-assets/SO-TNC-MSE-default-top-nav.png

Commit message:

Add Scroll the Starboard to the main README.md

README.md, after:

# User Scripts
This repository contains user scripts for use on Stack Exchange.  The scripts are
compatible with [Tampermonkey](http://tampermonkey.net/) (Chrome, Firefox, Opera Next, Safari, Microsoft Edge, Dolphin Browser, UC Browser, etc.) and [Greasemonkey](http://www.greasespot.net/) (Firefox). In general, they will have been tested in Chrome, Firefox, Opera and Edge.

## [Chat: Scroll the Starboard](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/blob/master/Chat-Scroll-the-Starboard/SE_Chat_Scroll_the_Starboard.user.js)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Chat-Scroll-the-Starboard/SE_Chat_Scroll_the_Starboard.user.js))</sup></sub>

Makes the starboard in SE chat's right sidebar scroll, so you can see all of the currently "active" starred messages. It doesn't change the messages which are displayed; that's still up to Stack Exchange's chat.

## [Flag from User Pages](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/blob/master/Flag-from-User-Pages/Flag_from_User_Pages.user.js)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Flag-from-User-Pages/Flag_from_User_Pages.user.js))</sup></sub>

Add a flag link that opens the flag dialog for each post in user profiles.

## [Left-sidebar in the Topbar](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/blob/master/Left-sidebar-in-the-Topbar/Left-sidebar_in_the_Topbar.user.js)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Left-sidebar-in-the-Topbar/Left-sidebar_in_the_Topbar.user.js))</sup></sub>

Moves the left-sidebar into a drop-down menu in the top-bar.

## [Roomba Forecaster](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/tree/master/Roomba-Forecaster)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Roomba-Forecaster/RoombaForecaster.user.js))</sup></sub>

Is Roomba going to delete the question? If not, why? If so, when?

Adds a "roomba" status line under "viewed"/"active" in the top-right of question pages which shows:

* If [Roomba](http://stackoverflow.com/help/roomba) will delete the question
* How long until the question is deleted
* Why the question won't be deleted (by default, displayed in a tooltip)
* If you down-voting on the question or answer(s) will qualify the question for Roomba



![Roomba Forecaster](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Roomba-Forecaster/README-assets/larger-down-vote-question-will-roomba.png)


## [Top Nav Choices](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/tree/master/Top-Nav-Choices)&nbsp;<sub><sup>([install](https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/Stack_Exchange_Top_Nav_Choices.user.js))</sup></sub>

*Top Nav Choices* changes the new Stack Exchange/Stack Overflow top navigation based on the preferences you set. The preferences are accessed on your normal Stack Exchange preferences page<sup>1</sup>.

Default changed top navigation on Stack Overflow with dark theme, and inbox and achievements on the left and the help button added (all changes are options)  
[![Default changed top navigation on Stack Overflow][1]][1]

Stack Overflow with stock light theme and different drop-down button placement:  
[![Stack Overflow light theme different drop-down placement][2]][2]

Default top navigation on Meta Stack Exchange:  
[![Default top navigation Meta Stack Exchange][5]][5]




  [1]: https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/README-assets/SO-TNC-SO-default-top-nav.png
  [2]: https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/README-assets/SO-TNC-SO-light-theme-achievments-and-inbox-center-top-nav.png
  [5]: https://github.com/makyen/StackExchange-userscripts/raw/master/Top-Nav-Choices/README-assets/SO-TNC-MSE-default-top-nav.png
